(Episode 26)
I took care of the desks and chairs as you didn't want them.
I left the rest of your belongings with the security.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Who is it?
My gosh.
(President Jang Ki Bong)
I presume things are coming to an end with "We Got Married".
I didn't know Anthony wanted to drop out of the show.
Have you heard any gossips recently?
Have you heard any news from the tabloids or anything?
What? How would you know anything about that?
Even I heard it yesterday.
So you didn't do anything despite your knowledge?
I was going to tell you, but... Hang on.
It's right here.
(Synopsis: "Where the Wind Stops")
But where did you hear that?
Yang Jeong Woo fell from a horse. He can't continue filming now.
The production company told me not to breathe a word of this.
Ms. Choi, I had no idea you had that many friends in this industry.
The synopsis is great. Jin Jin is going to star in it too.
If he does a good job with filling in for the role,
he's going to make it big with this film.
I'm not sure...
if we want to work with Jin Jin.
I see.
I mean... Why did you bring it up?
They don't have time to hold auditions.
They asked about Anthony. I told them he's a good actor.
You don't even know that. Forget it.
What's the role?
A bodyguard. This is about finding a mummy's husband.
He might be the husband of the mummy.
Do you not like the role?
It's not that.
Well, should we at least have a meeting?
Yes. Have the meeting at least.
But did you find me anyone who wants to share the space?
I'm still looking.
I've been waiting.
I didn't hear any updates.
Whatever. You need to take responsibility for this.
- Why would I? - You said you'll find me someone.
If there's no one by the end of this week, we're sharing the space.
Do you know how much monetary loss...
I suffered because of you?
You lost money because of me? How did that happen?
Do you not know?
Look at this space. I'm paying maintenance fee all alone.
- Are you always this unreasonable? - I don't know. Whatever!
I wouldn't know since I didn't stay in school!
Ms. Choi, you should just move into this building.
Come on, answer me!
Okay, fine. I'll move in. Are you happy now?
Thank you. I'm going now.
Hey. Did you find out anything about the illustrator?
I did, but I couldn't find any personal information.
The artist sent us a sample from a convenience store in Seogwipo.
I guess the artist must've sent it from there.
- As in Jeju Island? - Yes.
What about a phone number?
We called the number, but it's not in service anymore.
The advertising team tried to look into the artist,
but the social media is the only means of contact.
But you know I'm better than that.
My dear Manager Kim.
A little while ago, we sent one of our products to the artist.
Really? What's the address?
But this is the weird part.
- To where did they send it? - To a school.
It was sent to Youngin Elementary School.
That's not in Jeju Island.
"Youngin Elementary School"?
- Hi. - Hello.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
Why did you do that? Remember we're friends now.
I got it. My gosh.
Why would you...
Why did you put the wrapper into your bag again?
I didn't throw it out on the street or anything.
You should just carry a trash can with you.
Ah Reum, let me see your bag.
Don't even think about it. Why are you inspecting my bag?
Let's go back to how things were before.
That's what I'm doing now.
So am I.
My goodness. How stubborn. Fine.
Why would you keep trash in your bag?
- Is that interesting? - Yes, it is.
Hold on.
No.
Thank you.
- Enjoy your food. - Thank you.
You like cow, pig, chicken,
and me, a new addition to the list.
After we eat the chicken, we must mix the rice in. Non-negotiable.
Okay.
This is so glutinous.
Oh, no. Did it get on your coat?
No, no. It splattered on the table.
- I'm fine. - Okay.
All right...
- Are you okay? - Yes.
I'm fine.
You should enjoy the food like you'd normally do.
Don't mind me at all. I'm okay.
Ma'am! Excuse me.
Why did you call her?
- Try it. - Okay.
This is me, the most considerate friend.
That's true. Thank you, Ah Reum.
I'm going to enjoy this.
This is good.
For the seven years my mother suffered from Alzheimer's,
my older brother had never come to visit her.
Forget about visiting her. He never even called once.
And I took care of all her treatment bills.
Even if he neither contacted nor supported your mother,
the inheritance would be divided equally between you and him.
However, according to Article 1008 of the Civil Code,
your financial support for her will be considered as contribution,
and you may receive additional inheritance.
- That means that there's a way. - Yes.
By the way, how should I pay for the consultation fee?
You can just...
It's 100 dollars an hour.
I see.
Lawyer Jang.
(You May or May Not Pay to Receive Legal Advice.)
- Lawyer Jang. - Yes.
Have you prepared the documents...
- regarding the industrial accident? - Yes.
Did you categorize precedents for the child support case?
Yes.
And how about fried chicken and beer for dinner tonight?
- What? - I think I've sobered up.
- I'll buy dinner. - Okay.
Mr. Kang, how about...
Instead of drinks...
How about we have a meal instead?
I like the atmosphere when people drink.
It's fun.
If you don't want beer, how about soju?
No.
I like beer very much. Let's have beer.
- Right? - Right.
Gosh, it's so cold.
- You feel cold too? - Yes, I do.
Right, just a moment.
My favorite song right now.
Do you want to hear it?
Okay... Just a minute.
One for me.
My eardrum...
Old man, we really are not a match.
Why are we not a match?
I was just surprised because the music started suddenly.
I like songs like this.
- You do? - Of course.
- Isn't it nice? - It's nice.
Isn't it nice?
Is that how the dance goes?
Isn't this better than the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra?
- It's upbeat. - Isn't it?
Yes. Is this a Korean song?
- What? - Is this Korean?
- It's a Korean song. - Is it?
- Don't you know this song? - I... I do.
I think I know it.
Youngin Elementary School.
It's not in Jeju Island.
It's a small school in Hadong, South Gyeongsang Province.
Jeju Island?
Hadong?
Is this Lee Chul Min?
This is Jeju Island. I met you and Sa Jin Jin.
- Do you remember me? - Yes, of course.
The pretty lady you asked about.
You told me to call if I had news.
- I called about her. - Oh, okay.
She ordered mandarins from my neighbor.
She wanted them sent to...
Hadong, Gyeongsang Province.
Hadong in Gyeongsang Province? Where in Hadong?
(Sa Jin Jin)
(Ji Won)
(Call)
Does that help?
Yes, of course. Thanks a lot.
Bye.
Mom.
Are you going out?
Yes, to have a beer with Hong Hee and Mi Dal.
Hong Hee never gets to drink when we go out.
Good for you. Buy them something nice.
- Will Hong Hee come for you? - No, I'll call a taxi.
- Could you give me a ride? - What?
Just to the crossroads. It's not that far.
[VIU Ver] E26 20th Century Boy & Girl "Love Cosmos"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Mom. - Yes?
What's wrong?
What's wrong? What is it?
My eyes...
- aren't right. - Your eyes?
I have...
glaucoma.
Then... What will happen?
My eyesight will get worse and worse.
There's nothing to worry.
Why didn't you tell me?
You should have told me.
I'm playing it up. I'm just exaggerating.
I guess you're all grown up.
I get to whine to you now.
Tell the truth. Tell me the truth.
Jin Jin.
Do you know what I fear the most?
It's you, my own kids.
Even if I'm robbed,
threatened with a knife,
or in a war,
I wouldn't fear a thing.
But...
I'm afraid of you.
I gave birth to you all...
and raised you myself,
but nothing scares me more than you do.
But now,
I found something that scares me more.
Not being able to see your pretty faces.
I'm scared I'll end up not being able to see your faces.
So...
I'll get treated,
take my medicine, and get surgery.
I'll do everything I can.
So you don't have to make that face.
Don't.
You're a good girl.
Jin Jin.
What's wrong with my face?
It's cleansing oil. It's to wipe your makeup off.
I'm getting old. I can't see properly.
Mom, why don't you wash the cups properly?
(Oil, Toner)
(Cream)
(Moisture Cream)
(Essence)
Jin Jin.
Why didn't you tell me?
Why did you make me look like a fool?
I'm sorry.
My mom's sick.
I feel so sorry for her.
There's nothing I can do for her.
There is.
Let's go.
To find your sister.
Let's go find Ho Sung.
It's hers. I think it's her drawing.
I found out the address she uses to receive parcels.
Chul Min got a call from someone in Jeju Island.
- Where is she? - A school in Hadong.
If we leave now, we'll arrive when the school opens.
She's alive.
I'll make her pay.
This must not be it.
It's okay. We can just turn back. Don't worry.
What?
What's wrong?
Just a moment.
Oh no.
The battery died.
(No service)
Jin Jin, I'll go and get help. Wait in the car for a bit.
No, I'm scared.
Then count 100 giraffes very slowly. I'll be right back.
- No. - Will you stay here all night?
Okay, don't be long.
Wait just a bit.
One,
two,
three...
Five,
six...
22,
23...
62,
63...
98,
99...
I found a house.
Can you walk?
Hang on.
Watch your head.
What are you two doing here so late at night?
Sorry. We got lost, and my car broke down.
Would you mind letting us stay the night?
Sorry. There's no spare room.
We didn't warm it up, so it's freezing.
You can't sleep there.
You'll have to sleep in our bedroom.
We wouldn't mind though.
Would it be all right?
We don't mind.
Sleep well.
Jin Jin's...
genuine,
kind,
wise, and warm.
Come on.
I feel tipsy.
- Come on. - Wait.
(Anthony fan meeting)
Anthony, keep up.
I bet she'll be watching.
It wasn't for long,
but I'm grateful for the time I spent...
as her husband. I was happy.
From now on?
I guess...
I'll be her fan now.
I clearly remember our first meeting.
It was the moment my dream came true.
I'd spent 20 years of my life smiling...
and crying with him.
He comforted me and gave me courage.
Every single second we spent together...
meant a lot to me.
From now on?
I'll cheer him on.
As I always did.
(Thank you for supporting Anthony and Sa Jin Jin.)
(Children of 20th Century/20th Century Boy & Girl)
Her name's Sa Ho Sung, and she's in her late 30s.
A young lady lives alone behind the sacred tree.
Let's stop. I think I've had enough of the entertainment industry.
Just one more job.
- The bodyguard. - He's on his way.
Who is it?
Mom, when did you decide to get married?
Come home.
This is home.
Come home. Mom's waiting.
She got sick waiting for you.